=head1 NAME

ppowerd - Daemon for controlling x10 hardware.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<ppowerd> S<[I<OPTION>]...>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Ppowerd is the daemon program for accessing x10 hardware.  Ppowerd sits in
the background waiting for client requests or for x10 messages to come in
over the power line.  If you have defined a macro in your configuration file
and the event received is a valid trigger for it, the macro will be
executed.  Macros can contain UNIX commands to run as well as commands to
send to the x10 hardware.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 7

=item B<-v, --version>

display program vesrion

=item B<-h, --help>

give help on usage

=item B<-f, --conf=FILE>

specify alternate configuration file

=item B<-n, --no-backgorund>

do not fork into the background, primarily for debugging purposes

=item B<-d, --debug=LEVEL> 

set the debug level, 0 is off; check the program's --help to see what the
maximum debug level currently is as well as the compiled in default

=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

Run the daemon so it can listen to the x10 hardware as well as letting you
communicate with it.
B<    ppowerd>

=head1 FILES

=over 7

=item F<ppower.conf>

The configuration file for the ppower package.  See the example
configuration file included in the distribution and the documentation for
examples.

=item F<ppowerd-monitor.socket>

This is the socket used by the daemon to allow clients to connect and listen
to x10 events.  It is created automatically and typically resides in
F</var/run/>.

=item F<ppowerd.socket>

The socket that clients connect to when they wish to send commands to the
daemon.  It is created automatically and typically resides in F</var/run/>.

=item F<ppowerd.pid>

A file containing the pid of the running daemon.  It is created
automatically and typically resides in F</var/run/>.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Steven Brown <swbrown@ucsd.edu>.

=head1 BUGS

A lot of functionality is missing or half-implemented as this project is
quite new.  Check the B<TODO> file included in the distribution for a better
list.

=head1 REPORTING BUGS

Report bugs to <swbrown@ucsd.edu>.
