=head1 NAME

ppower - Client for controlling x10 hardware.

=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<ppower> S<[I<OPTION>]... [I<COMMAND>]>

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Ppower is the client program for accessing x10 hardware.  With it you can
ask the ppowerd daemon to change the state of x10 hardware as well as
monitor x10 messages received by the daemon from the power line.

=head2 Command Format

If no other arguments are given, ppower expects a command.  The command is
of the form

[I<DEVICE>],...:[I<STATE>]<:I<VALUE>><:I<EXTENDED VALUE>>

A I<DEVICE> is specified as a housecode letter and a devicecode digit like
"a1" or a named device like "light1" if such a name has been defined in the
configuration file.

The I<VALUE> is used by B<BIM> and B<BRIGHT> commands to specify the change
from 0 to 22, where 0 is the least change.  

An B<EXTENDED_DATA_TRANSFER> requires the I<VALUE> and I<EXTENDED VALUE> to
be specified.

See the B<EXAMPLES> section for example commands.

=head2 States

=over 7

=item B<ALL_UNITS_OFF>

Turn all units on the given housecode off.  For this command, instead of a
device list, you can specify the housecode letter.

=item B<ALL_LIGHTS_ON>

Turn all lights on the given housecode on.  For this command, instead of a
device list, you can specify the housecode letter.

=item B<ON>

Turn the selected devices on.

=item B<OFF>

Turn the selected devices off.

=item B<DIM>

Dim the selected devices by a I<VALUE>.

=item B<BRIGHT>

Brighten the selected devices by a I<VALUE>.

=item B<ALL_LIGHTS_OFF>

Turn all lights on the given housecode off.  For this command, instead of a
device list, you can specify the housecode letter.

=item B<EXTENDED_CODE>

XXX: I haven't figured out what this does.  It might only pertain to
hardware macros.

=item B<HAIL_REQUEST>

Sends a hail request to the listed devices.

=item B<HAIL_ACKNOWLEDGE>

Sends a hail acknowledge to the listed devices.

=item B<PRESET_DIM1>

Sends the first preset dim to the listed devices.

=item B<PRESET_DIM2>

Sends the second preset dim to the listed devices.

=item B<EXTENDED_DATA_TRANSFER>

Sends two bytes of data to selected devices.  The I<VALUE> and I<EXTENDED
VALUE> must be specified.

=item B<STATUS_ON>

XXX: Unknown.

=item B<STATUS_OFF>

XXX: Unknown.

=item B<STATUS_REQUEST>

Returns the status of the listed devices.  The only thing I have that
answers this is the transceiver.

=back

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 7

=item B<-v, --version>

display program vesrion

=item B<-h, --help>

give help on usage

=item B<-m, --monitor>

monitors the x10 hardware for changes

=item B<-s, --status>

reports status of known x10 devices

=item B<-f, --conf=FILE>

specify alternate configuration file

=item B<-d, --debug=LEVEL> 

set the debug level, 0 is off; check the program's --help to see what the
maximum debug level currently is as well as the compiled in default

=item B<--refresh>

force the daemon to reload the configuration file; this is mainly for
devices, aliases and macros; sockets and permissions won't be affected

=item B<--shutdown>

stop the currently running daemon

=back

=head1 EXAMPLES

=head2 Issuing Commands

Turn the device set to a1 on.
B<    ppower a1:ON>

Turn the fan you have listed in your configuration file on.
B<    ppower fan:ON>

Turn a group of devices on.
B<    ppower a1,b2,c3:ON>

Dim the light attached to a2 by about 50%.
B<    ppower a2:DIM:11>

Dim the light attached to a2 as far as it will go.
B<    ppower a2:DIM:22>

=head2 Listening to the Daemon

Monitor incoming x10 commands.
B<    ppower -m>

List the status of all known devices.
B<    ppower -s>

=head1 FILES

=over 7

=item F<ppower.conf>

The configuration file for the ppower package.  See the example
configuration file included in the distribution and the documentation for
examples.

=back

=head1 AUTHOR

Steven Brown <swbrown@ucsd.edu>.

=head1 BUGS

A lot of the states arn't accepted by any x10 hardware I know of.  Also, a
lot of functionality is missing or half-implemented as this project is quite
new.  Check the B<TODO> file included in the distribution for a better list.

=head1 REPORTING BUGS

Report bugs to <swbrown@ucsd.edu>.
